In the last few weeks, and as the material we’re learning has become more
complex, I really recognize the value of excellent teaching, and a really
rigorously produced curriculum. I understand some schools have a less
structured curriculum and more of a do-it-yourself approach to learning.
Having done five weeks of this course now, I am fairly certain I would not
have learnt anything near this much at any other school. I already know Ruby,
Rails, Sinatra, JavaScript, HAML, lots of APIs and Ruby gems, Sass, AJAX,
JQuery, CSS and HTML, Foundation, Twitter Bootstrap…. If it wasn’t for a
really well planned and structured curriculum as well as the energy,
enthusiasm and depth of knowledge of the instructor and the four teaching
assistants, I’m sure I would not have learnt this much this quickly. Through
no skill on my part, I really feel lucky to be learning here. The other thing
that is also apparent now that I’m at General Assembly every single day, is
the passion and enthusiasm of all the staff involved in designing and running
the course. I had no idea it was such a large operation and how much brain-
power has gone into designing the program itself. You can tell they really
love what they do and really believe in the idea of rethinking how education
can be. The end of this current week I’ll be halfway through the program, so
we’ll see what happens in the next half. But if I am able to absorb as much as
I have in the first six weeks, then I’m really excited to see what I’ll be
able to do at the end of the 12 weeks. I think I get more tired every week,
but I am also getting more inspired, more excited about the skills I’m
developing, and more confident that doing this immersive program is one of the
best decisions I’ve made. - Nicky

