To me the main value of the money spent is that the learning actually happens:
you actually go in for 8+ hours a day every weekday (or more) for the 9 weeks
(or however long the particular boot camp is), and you actually go through the
tutorials/lectures and you actually sit down and code complete
assignments/projects. Not only that, but as ericswc said there's a TON of info
and tutorials out there on how to code, but much of it is sub-optimal or even
outright bad. The information curation involved in a good boot camp helps
tremendously. More than specifics of particular languages, the boot camp has
taught me what aspects of languages and technologies to prioritize when
learning a new language, so picking up new ones on my own will be so much
easier later on. It took me six months to kinda-sorta pick up C before the
boot camp; during the boot camp it took me about 3 days to get to the same
point with PHP, and subsequently 1 day to get to the same point with Ruby.
Also Coding Dojo provides a lot in the way of job search assistance. It sounds
like ericswc's boot camp does as well, and I don't think either is unique in
trying to help students in that way. We've got demo days with recruiters, a
couple of tech talks a week with various industry people (so far have had a
dev relations guy from Google, a few startup CTOs, and a couple of recruitment
companies, among others), a mentoring program with local volunteers from the
industry, an apprenticeship program with area companies, etc. - a Coding Dojo
Student

