I have graduated from Hackbright in May 2013 (Spring class) and it was one of
the best experiences in my life. As a recent college graduate with little to
no prospects in employment opportunities Hackbright was an easy decision to me
- I loved technology, analysis, solving puzzles and I knew from the HTML/CSS
class I took in college that I enjoyed doing that kind of work. Even so, this
program exceeded my expectations in every single way. Hackbright is a full-
time 10-week intensive program, and it is structured appropriately. First 5
weeks the class learns Python, SQL, HTML&amp;CSS;, Javascript, Git, CS
fundamentals and other full-stack technologies by completing 1 to 2 day
exercises while pair-programming (switching pairs for each exercise); the rest
of the program everyone works on their personal projects. These projects are
all challenging and very different from each other (this is why they are
called personal), but most importantly during this time everyone learns
technologies they are most interested in. Don't worry, you'll be guided and
will be able to get lots of help during this time. The staff at Hackbright is
simply incredible: dedicated to help as much as they can, personable and
understanding. Also, unlike other similar programs, Hackbright has a very
supportive and collaborative environment. There is a great community of alumni
and mentors, and you can get any of your questions answered practically at any
time of day. We had a guest speaker almost every other day and a field trip
(to companies such as Facebook, Google, Dropbox, Twilio and others) almost
every week. It was a great way to get exposure to different opportunities out
there, and see the offices of some of the best companies in the Bay Area. It
might seem improbable that in 10 short weeks you can become a Software
Engineer, but it is true. Everyone in my class was making a career change and
most people had little to no experience with programming. But the placement
rate for graduates is extremely high, and the demand for women in tech is only
growing. There is an impressive list of partner companies, and great
connections to other companies through fellow classmates/mentors/alumni.
Hackbright is definitely a worthy investment if you want to become a Software
Engineer and join one of the best communities for women in technology. -
Ksenia B.

