I moved out to Denver in January of 2013 and started the most intense six
months of my life. I knew gSchool was going to be hard and I had mentally
prepared to put in 60+ hours per week, but nothing really prepares you for the
brain melt of not only learning something totally new, but adjusting to an
entirely new way of thinking. Like many of my fellow classmates, I came in
without a background in development, and the most challenging part of the
program for me was acclimating. Looking back, my assignments now seem almost
laughably easy, but they were difficult for someone who was just learning to
“think in code.” I had amazing classmates and world-class instructors though,
and with their help I had my “A-ha!” moments where things started to click.
The setup of gSchool was a great mix of instructor-led, full group classes,
group projects of two to four people, guest speakers, lightning talks,
mentoring sessions, and more. The environment was very collaborative, with
everyone dedicated to helping their classmates and celebrating each others’
small moments of triumph. It was certainly at times a mentally grueling
experience, but with so much support from classmates, instructors, and
mentors, we all made it through together and built some really awesome apps
along the way. gSchool Hug About two-thirds of the way through the course, we
had our first individual project since our first month, and like many of my
classmates, I felt quite nervous. We knew the project would prove some things
to ourselves—either that we knew what we were doing, or that we hadn’t
mastered the abilities we’d fought so hard to learn. It was incredibly
validating when the former happened, and I was able to build online scheduling
from scratch for a website I was creating for my sister, a massage therapist.
For the last month or so of the course, our focus grew to include finding
jobs. There were a lot of things I was looking for in a job, both need-to-
haves and want-to-haves. I knew I wanted to work for a small- to medium-sized
consultancy that was compatible with my testing and pairing philosophies,
where there would be many different challenges to learn from. Other big must-
haves included being part of an environment that fostered continued learning
and had amazing teammates with whom I’d love coming to work everyday. I
narrowed my search by looking in a select group of cities, and leveraged my
network—including my mentor and instructors—to set up introductions to
companies I was interested in. - Erin D.

