I went to HB for 10 weeks in Summer 2012 and it changed my life, for the
better. I can't recommend it highly enough. I had taught myself a *little* bit
of HTML, CSS, and SQL databases before deciding to make the career change;
some of my classmates had taken CS courses or were other types of engineers,
while others had literally no training or experience at all. Within the first
few weeks, we had all learned so much from training sessions, guest speakers,
and a lot of pair programming. From a day to the next, my knowledge and
abilities in Python, shell, Git, and just understanding programming in general
increased dramatically. I slept so deeply because it was such a mental
challenge, in a good way. If you like to learn, this program will be difficult
but truly fun. The last weeks of Hackbright are all about a personal project,
and it doesn't get any easier. Most people learn a lot about javascript and
frontend development during this time, while others dive deep into another
area they're interested in. Either way, you're there working harder and
writing code and doing more than you would have ever thought possible, with a
group of amazing women doing the same, and instructors supporting you and
answering all your questions. It's hard to describe how important this
community environment is to get through the process of learning so much and
changing careers. You're honestly in a vulnerable position, and it's so easy
to get emotional and doubt yourself, and want to give up. The community at
Hackbright means that you're not alone going through it and you get so much
farther. I consider most everyone in my class at HB to be a close friend --
and I'm not like a sorority girl at all. It's a transformative thing to do,
and it's amazing to bond and share with your group and the alumni network, and
also a larger group of mentors, supporters, and connections in the bay tech
scene and around the world. When we were learning Python, I reached out to the
biggest celebrity around, Guido van Rossum, creator of Python. And he
responded, and met with us. You can't get much more nerdy cool than that! A
little on the logistics, apply whenever you're even thinking a little that
it's something you want to do, because there are 3-4 classes a year and you
don't want to miss one and have to wait 3 months. Class runs 10-6 M-F,
excepting holidays (as chosen by the class), you'll have an ample lunch break
and there's a kitchen there to keep food. It's a relatively casual environment
so if you're late or leave early or need to miss a day for whatever reason,
nobody will be mad at you, you'll just have to catch up if you missed
something. I personally think that you'll get the most out of HB if you plan
for evening and weekend events (meetups, talks, hackathons) that aren't
related to the actual class and are totally optional, but you'll hear about
and will really enhance your understanding and learning if you can go. Some
people have worked part-time but I think it's really hard to do. The two most
common concerns I hear about about the price and getting a job. Here I'm going
to ask you to trust me, and you don't know me, so this might not work, but
try. When you finish Hackbright, you will be an engineer. You will be able to
create things that otherwise you never would. Many, many, many companies will
find this skill to be very valuable. A job match depends on so many different
things that I couldn't tell you exactly how that will work for you. But, if
you want a job, you'll be able to find one. And at that point, the cost of HB
won't matter, because you got a job at a partner and they paid your tuition,
or you got a scholarship or tuition break and it wasn't so much anyway, or now
you're working as an engineer and money is not such an issue as it was in your
past life (that's how it happened for me). I know firsthand how hard it is,
but it's worth it and you must trust and jump. - Michelle G.

