The folks at Ironhack think that there is more to becoming a developer than
just learning a programming language. Being a developer also means being a
member of the tech community and that is certainly what Ironhack is doing.
Ironhack's unique location in Spain has not only allowed them to be
participants in but help define the tech community around them. As Spain's
tech community is starting to blossom, Ironhack has made it its mission to
educate university students about career options at startups not just large
tech companies. Expect that as a student here you will be
immersed in the local tech flavor and get access to awesome European startups.

In terms of what they teach, you should expect to get three main things out of
the course: 1. A solid full-stack knowledge from HTML to Ruby (with some
coverage of developer tools) 2. An understanding of Agile development and 3.
Practical experience building real products. Before you arrive, you will get
2-3 weeks worth of pre-work to prepare you for the in-person program. While on
their campus, you should expect to spend 90% of your time programming with an
emphasis on peer programming.

Your programming will be guided by experienced, capable hands. All of their
instructors are web developers and their TA has a background in educational
technology to make sure that the programming knowledge of the instructors is
passed on to students in a cohesive and sensible way. You will also have
plenty of personal attention with a maximum of 20 students per cohort.

Does reading about learning to code tire you out? Ironhack also realizes that
there is an art to unwinding from a hard week of learning to program. They
will help you chill out with massage sessions, yoga classes, drinks on
Fridays, and generally enjoying their prime location in Madrid.

Ready to get started? There is a three step application process. First, you
will complete a written application which asks general questions about your
motivations. Then there will be two subsequent interviews, a fit interview and
a technical interview to determine your current skills and future potential.
Also, don't think you need to know Spanish to apply. All lectures will be held
in English.

