The Startup Institute isn't so much about teaching you how to program as it is
about teaching you to be a successful member of a start-up.They have a core
curriculum composed mostly of career and emotional intelligence material
(which you should plan to spend 3+ weeks on) and then you break off into your
learning track. Each learning track has a varying amount of programming from
zero to a ton.

The core curriculum itself is pretty interesting. It is designed to help you
think about your career by making you answer questions about your professional
story and weaknesses. More tangibly, this piece consists of what Start-up
Institute calls Hackidea. In the first week you are there you will spend 24
hours working with a non-profit from the area to help them solve a pressing
problem they have been having. Additionally, as part of the core curriculum
you will work on a team capstone project which is essentially a project for a
start-up that you work on throughout the entire program. You will spend about
20 hours a week on the project which includes spending a full day on-site at
the start-up.

In addition to this core curriculum, each student applies to and is accepted
into a specific track. There are four tracks total and you will play the role
of your track in the Capstone Project Team. Each track varies in the amount of
programming you will get. In the sales and account management track, you'll
get no programming experience. However, there is a pretty cool Ultimate Sales
Challenge where you get actual experience selling a product from nurturing a
customer relationship to the final sale. The Technical Marketing Track begins
to get into some programming (HTML, CSS, SQL), but expect it to be more SEO
than not. The Product and Design track inches you even closer by teaching you
HTML CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap and Javascript, but expect this track to be more
Product Manager skills than programming. The final track Web Development, is
the good stuff if you specifically want to learn to program. That being said,
they want you have have strong experience in a back end programming language
other than Ruby on Rails before you are accepted into this track.

The online application deadlines are a little bit more complicated than most
bootcamps so bear with me a bit. There are three different application
deadlines, each called a different round. In the first round, if you apply and
meet the minimum requirements, you are given a live interview. Round two is
actually more of a rolling application (first come, first serve). The earlier
you apply in round two the better. Finally, in round three you are applying
for any remaining spots or for the next date of the program.

After you make it throught the online application (whichever round you end up
being in), you will have two interviews. The first is an interview with an
alumni of the program and is considered more of a fit and informational
interview. If the alumni thinks you are a good fit, you then get a second
skill based interview with a member of the Startup Institute team. You apply
for a specific track so make sure you keep that in mind if you are only
interested in learning to program. However, their other programs very
comprehensively teach business skills so it might not hurt to take a gander if
you are open to learning things in addition to programming.
