I was a participant in the summer 2012 (first) session. The short answer is:
with a lot of studying and persistence, you'll learn more than you thought and
have a lot of fun. The long answer: I had done a few months of Codecademy.com
before I found Hackbright, but felt rather stuck trying to study on my own.
When I found the program, I planned to continue studying on my own if I didn't
get in/enroll. I am so glad Hackbright worked out. There were 12 women
accepted. We were all asked to do Learn Python the Hard Way or an equivalent
on other sites before the first day. The first five weeks were almost all
pair-programming all the time, which was really helpful for problem-solving
and learning Python syntax, processes, etc. Those five weeks were focused on
getting comfortable with Python and programming concepts with increasingly
more complex exercises - make a calculator, make a pig latin translator, make
a to-do list application with Flask, make a movie-ratings prediction app with
Flask. We covered concepts like Big O Notation and binary trees. We usually
had a morning meeting and post-lunch meeting, covering what we were going to
do that day and recapping. On top of this, we had a lot of awesome speakers
(Leah Culver, Zed Shaw, and many startup founders) that gave us a sense of
what we'd be doing and what to expect as a junior dev. There was a lot of
encouragement to get involved with hackathons and local tech groups. The
second five weeks were spent on personal projects - two women chose to pair
while everyone else did an individual project. We were strongly encouraged to
come up with our own idea, ran them by our teacher, and he gave us some
suggested starting points. We worked a lot on our own the second five weeks
and it was more freeform, but we still had morning meetings and had impromptu
learning sessions as a group. We also focused more on technical interview
questions (whiteboarding), and had an interview day with companies interested
in hiring. That is the "basic" overview...the two guys running Hackbright
(David and Christian) worked incredibly hard for our benefit and genuinely
want us all to succeed. Our group became great friends and plan to stay in
touch. If you are wondering about job readiness, a few people in our class
have already gotten job offers and others are in the process. - Zoe K.

