Flatiron School is a great place to learn Web and iOS Development. Expect to
start learning even before the first day of the bootcamp. You will be asked to
complete 50+ hours of prework before starting either program. You can see the
prework online to get a feel for it. As
a caveat, expect to pay a little bit extra outside of tuition to complete the
pre-work.

Both programs are full-time and are broken out into three units. The first
unit teaches you fundamentals. Expect to learn these fundamentals by doing
lots of pair programming and
group programming (though there may be some solo pieces in the iOS class). The
second unit consists of building projects to reinforce the fundamentals. The
final piece is either a specialization in the Web Development course or a
Capstone Project in the iOS course. Specialization simply refers to picking
something you want to master and going for it. The Capstone project is working
with a team to build an app for a startup. In addition to just teaching the
language, Flatiron School teaches you best practices and gets you integrated
with the tech community. They fundamentally believe that you should learn how
to learn, not just learn a skill.

They are also very passionate about providing the highest quality curriculum.
All of their teachers have all been TA's with their program first. They also
take 4-6 weeks in between sessions to work on teacher training and curriculum
development.

Admission for the school is done on a rolling basis so the earlier you apply
the better.

