The New York Code + Design Academy (NYCDA) got its start by hosting evening
classes teaching people how to code. Those classes were mostly targeted
towards students who wanted the basics or were just trying to sharpen certain
skills. To provide students a more comprehensive programming education,
they've now started teaching their Web Development intensive course.

Before class even begins, you will get access to about 30 hours of pre-work
including readings and online workshops. In the class, you will learn Front
End languages and Ruby on Rails through a variety of teaching methods
including lecture, pair programming, programming individually, attending
workshops, listening to guest speakers, visiting startups, and participating
in tech MeetUps. At a minimum, you will complete 1 individual and 3 group
projects.

One of the most unique features of this bootcamp is the mentorship program
they offer. They have teamed up with Everwise to provide every student a
mentor. This mentor is someone currently working at a startup or technology
company. These mentors will assist students with pre-work, touch base with
them throughout the course as an advisor and act as a career coach after the
bootcamp session is complete.

There are 2-3 main instructors for the course. One of these main instructors
will be present for each lesson depending on the topic and the instructor's
specialization. There will also be TA's supporting learning in the class. The
average class size will be 20 students.

They are continuing to build out their hiring network, but if you have an
interest in Media this would be a great place to start. They count Wired,
Conde Nast, Bauer Media Group and The Orchard among their hiring partners.
