I graduated from the Winter Cohort, and because of the various national
holidays that punctuated our time at the camp, we were actually given 11 weeks
of schooling instead of 10. And honestly, I can't imagine not having those
minor breaks in between lessons. It's a LOT to absorb, and parse, and digest.
Some of the concepts that are heavily covered (OOP, TDD) needs time to really
settle before you start 'getting' it. And at times, I felt there really wasn't
enough time and it was altogether overwhelming. And yes. It IS overwhelming.
You're learning so much, and spending so much time in front of the computer,
coding, testing out these new concepts, working through this individual
problems that it becomes mentally exhausting. By week 6-7, I noticed a sharp
decrease in productivity as I started lazing/slacking off in an attempt to
mentally recharge myself for the home stretch so to speak, and I am a person
who not only picks things up quickly, but thrives in high pressure. So, if you
don't respond well to intensive sprints, this probably is not the experience
for you. If you're not willing to stay after class until 10pm some nights, and
code 16 hours straight, and spend entire afternoons on stackoverflow trying to
figure out exactly why your method returns nil, it's not the experience for
you. If you're not willing to sacrifice your social life in favor of your
education for 3 months, it's not the experience for you. You have to invest
yourself entirely in the experience, in terms of your dedication, your time,
and your finances, for the pay off at the end. The flip side of this is that I
have never before had a more productive period in my life. Every day I was
there, I felt as though I was learning something new and honing my skills in -
and this is important - a PRACTICAL way. I could see how everything I was
learning had a very practical use for what would be my future career in web
development. There was very little in the curriculum - virtually nothing, in
fact - that led me to think "Okay, but why do I have to know this? What's the
point?" and that is new to me. The format involved a lot of independent
reading of coursework/ at night, then we would go to Mission Control in the
morning and either watch a quick, 30 minute lecture that would reinforce the
reading or delve directly into a challenge that was directly related to the
reading. We were encourage to follow common good practices (TDD, skinny
controllers fat models, AGILE development) and encouraged/required to pair
program. They made a concerted effort to stress that the actual learning to
code is only one part of the process- learning how to communicate effectively
and think as a developer is the real key. So, let me summarize here. It IS
very expensive. Unless you're the type of person to fully commit and who
happens to be quick to learn, the experience will not really benefit you. You
need to be really on top of yourself and responsible for your own education -
no one is going to require that you pass in your homework, no one is going to
enforce attendance. So if you're not self-motivated enough to make sure you're
going to work on your own, it's not going to work. However, if you're really
dedicated to changing your life and you know you love to code, I can think of
no better experience. I've never learned so much in my life. The material was
top notch, the flipped classroom approach (where you actually coded for 6 out
of 8 hours in the day) did wonders, and the experienced engineer team was
brilliant and knowledgeable. Back in the summer I didn't know how to code.
Now, I have over 600 hours of coding under my belt and the confidence to call
myself a fairly top-notch Junior Web Developer. - Lorry R.

