I’ve always been technically inclined. I was very lucky, as a liberal arts
(Economics and German) major, to land an IT job. It aligned well with my
desire to grow technically. That said, there is a limit to how much SQL code
one write before wanting to grow beyond that. There wasn’t much room to grow
technically at my last job – if they had a higher tech role, they always
looked outward; there wasn’t much opportunity to advance from inside. Enter
Startup Institute Boston. Here was an opportunity for people with some
technical background to grow exponentially and become Ruby on Rails developers
in the space of 2 action-packed months. For those that don’t know much about
coding, Ruby is a simple language to program, and Rails is a powerful
framework that allows users to spin up web-based applications quickly. It’s a
great jumping off point for building my developer’s toolbox. Working alongside
fellow new developers and the folks in the Design, Marketing, and Sales tracks
for the past eight weeks has been a whirlwind and a blast. We learned to build
applications and met some great people. The network from Startup Institute,
between founders we’ve met and my fellow classmates, rivals that of business
school in a fraction of the time and price. On Thursday, the program
culminates with our exposé. Every single one of us gets up on stage, for 60
seconds each, in front of 150 potential employers, to convince them to hire
us. Let me tell you, condensing your life story, skills, and what you want out
of a job into 60 seconds is TOUGH. I could write a whole blog post about the
60 second pitch (and I probably will), but it is really interesting to see
everybody’s pitches coming together, and what threads they choose to weave
into their story. For now, I’m off to tweak my pitch. I have one sentence left
that I need to fix… - Scott

