RefactorU’s mission is to accelerates the learning and development of the
world's aspiring creatives, makers, and technologists. RefactorU’s web
development bootcamp focuses on full stack JavaScript/Node.JS. You can check
out more about why they went with the rapidly growing Javascript/Node.JS combo
in their FAQ section under "Why are you not teaching Ruby on Rails?".

Before you get started on their campus, expect 40-50 hours of instructional
pre-work before the bootcamp. When you are at RefactorU’s web development
bootcamp, you will be taught by 1-2 lead instructors with a team of 1-4 TAs.
There is a max of 24 students per class so the student to teacher ratio
averages around 6:1.

As much as possible, they minimize the lecturing portion of the bootcamp to
focus on hands-on experience, pair programming, and peer groups. No day is
typical, but in general you can expect to be in class by around 8:30am. At
around 9am, instructors will introduce the topic of the day. There may be a
short lecture followed by some class exercises to get you working on applying
the new topic. You then hack away until lunch, working individually or within
small groups. Instructors help with specific questions and facilitate team
discussions.

Afternoons are similar to mornings, although nearly each week there’s a
special guest speaker or new activity. The “official” day wraps up at around
6pm, but students often stay later. Prior to that, students will meet with
their peer groups to reflect on what went well.

There are typically nightly events held either at RefactorU or at nearby
companies. These events include weekly guest speakers and special events like
trips to local sights and companies. You can apply online. There are a few
rounds of deadlines for the bootcamp: a rolling decisions deadline, an early
application deadline and a final app deadline. The moral of the story: apply
early. Also, make sure to save some time for the optional programming question.
While it is optional, they HIGHLY suggest that you give it a shot.
