  

I attended Ironhack - Learn web development in 8 weeks during November and
December 2013 in Madrid. After 8 intense weeks I couldn’t be happier,
especially if you consider that I didn't have much programming experience to
start with (I was a financial consultant before). There are quite a few
takeaways apart form the coding skills (admittedly modest at this point) I got
to pick up at Ironhack.

  

I’ll name 4 which stood out for me: A strong focus on coding best practices,
such as test driven development or pair programming have been equally as
important and helpful. Not only were we introduced to these but we got to
actively use them throughout the curse. Not surprisingly writing a test before
even thinking about my first line of actual code comes naturally. After our
daily coding practices (worth noting too: theory parts were kept to a minimum)
we were also ‘graced’ with the visit from important/influential/singular
speakers somehow involved in the digital economy. Topics ranged from purely
technical to VC funding over to lean startup mentality and the open source
movement. These mind teasers on the side, turned out to be as valuable as the
main Ironhack course. Ultimately all this knowledge is more or less useless if
it doesn’t widen your outlook on interesting and fulfilling endeavours. The
network of businesses (from startups to large conglomerates) Ironhack tends to
is impressive and leads to a steady stream of incoming employment
opportunities. Last but not least the final project during the last 2 weeks of
the course has been thrilling to say the least. No exercise comes to mind
which could replace the journey my newly acquired coding skills, my mentor for
the project (awesome btw) and myself went through those two weeks.

  

In the end I achieved what I sought out to do, which was to get a foothold in
the web development world, I am eager to learn more and to be a part of it.
[\- Daniel C.](http://www.quora.com/What-was-your-experience-at-Ironhack-
like#answers)

