The Omaha Code School is focused on creating well rounded developers. While
the program will certainly be rigorous and you will learn a lot about
programming, they feel that there is more to it than practicing for loops
(don't worry, you'll know what those are soon). Omaha Code School will teach
you how to lead a balanced life while learning to code and how to be a part of
the developer community.

Like most bootcamps, you should expect to complete a number of different
prework activities to prepare for the program. During the actual bootcamp, you
will learn to program by completing 2-4 personal projects as well as working
on open source projects. Of note, the founder of the bootcamp has been working
on an open source project to build up the tech community in
the Silicon Prairie. Students are able to contribute to the site to build up
their open source cred as well as becoming more involved in the local tech
community.

I didn't forget about the well rounded part. Not only will you be working with
developers at Omaha Code School, you will also work with designers, business
leaders, and a yoga mentor to make sure that you skills and life are balanced
at the bootcamp and after as well.

It's not just about having great developers around you, but having great
teachers. The instructor has always has had an underlying desire to teach.
While in college he dropped out to pursue a job opportunity as a web
developer. While working as a developer, he was approached by a bootcamp to
teach their Front End Development course. He loved the way that teaching at a
programming bootcamp combined his love of teaching and web development so he
decide to start one of his own.

Specifically, he wanted to start the bootcamp back at home in Omaha. Not only
is there a growing local tech scene, but he raves about the great quality of
life. The local flavor shows through in Omaha Code School's network in the
Silicon Prairie.

Ready to get started? The Omaha Code School application is pretty straight
forward. You will submit an application with some basic questions about who
you are and what you want to achieve as well as answer a programming
challenge. You will be judged on the coding challenge by your level of
success, but also the effort and thought you put into answering the questions.
