It feels so good to be challenged again. The first week of Boston Startup
School focuses on a lot of soft skills–professional communication, precision
Q&amp;A;, networking, career design, and psychological profiling–that
challenge what I used to consider acceptable. At BSS, the pace is quicker, the
bar is higher, and I wouldn’t have it any other way. Midway through the week,
a handful of alumni from the summer semester came for a panel discussion. One
of them told us how he’d taken to tweeting and connecting to instructors
before they came in to teach, so when they saw all those new faces, they’d
recognize his. I thought I was doing so well making an impression in the
classroom, but I was already a day late. My first day, I was introduced to 60
new people–and as the entire class can attest, I didn’t know any of their
names. By Tuesday morning, I knew all of them (their names at least), and I am
making a conscious effort to learn each of their stories. I’m blown away by
the feeling I get being in a room full of people with the enthusiasm,
determination, and mental dexterity to try new things. Despite the unspoken
fact that we’re all vying for a finite number of jobs in the Boston startup
community, not one person has any interest in playing dirty. Instead, we’re
relying on each other–sharing skills, offering advice, making connections, and
forging friendships. A week into the semester, I’m still catching my breath.
Even though my days are longer, even though I’m working harder, and even
though I’m drinking more, I’m discovering the energy to persist. Because it’s
so worth it. - Adam S.

