When I first started looking into Coding Campus, I had little, if any
experience. I knew how to tweak HTML tags to change things like font size, but
that was it. Now, I have experience with AngularJS, Python, Django,
Javascript, HTML, CSS, Node.js, MongoDB, Bootstrap, etc.

  

I was enrolled in the full-time course which is a full-time commitment. Class
is from 8:30 to 6:00 p.m. and students typically work through lunch...except
for Fridays. That's team lunch day when they take you out as a class to a
local restaurant. I really loved the lunches because it allowed us to let our
guard down and get to know each other really well. I felt like all the
employees at Coding Campus really cared about me, my goals and my success.
When I was overwhelmed and felt like I was falling behind, the instructor
pulled me aside for a couple hours a day for a week to review the basics until
I felt confident again.

  

Two of the highlights and reasons I chose Coding Campus over other bootcamps
were: 1. Student to instructor ratio (we had 2 instructors for 5 students,
plus TAs that came in for the afternoon) and the quality of instructors. 2.
The network you build and have access to - from the 2-3 lunch presentations by
hiring managers at awesome tech companies every week to tickets to amazing
events to help build your network (like Startup Weekend Provo, OpenWest,
etc.). I really felt Coding Campus did an awesome job of teaching us the
programming skills we needed, but also introducing us to the right people to
get a job after the course.

  

So many doors have opened for me since going through the program. I now have a
job that I absolutely love...I get to code and seek out cool companies all the
time! Through Coding Campus, I was introduced to a Mozilla employee. I started
volunteering during the course and last week they flew me out to one of their
international localization bootcamps because of my involvement. Coding Campus
is a significant financial commitment. It was a huge leap of faith to quit my
job to enroll...but the return on investment has been huge! It has changed my
life for the better in so many ways. I highly recommend it. - Breana J.

