Coding Dojo doesn't want you to just learn a new programming language, they
want you to learn how to learn (remember that adage about giving a fish vs.
teaching fishing). They teach their students numerous languages because
technology changes so frequently that the best skill they can teach you is how
to adapt to those changes and be successful. In fact, they dedicate the first
5 weeks to learning the fundamentals like database design and MVC frameworks
with minimal programming language lessons.

After the fundamentals section, you spend the next three weeks on JavaScript,
three weeks on Ruby on Rails and the last week preparing you for after
bootcamp including Demo Day. Demo Day is an opportunity for you to show off
your projects to hiring partners and, hopefully, get an offer. Throughout the
course, you should have created 3 (1 JavaScript, 2 Ruby on Rails) projects to
demonstrate on Demo Day.

On a day to day basis, expect to spend most of your time coding. At the end of
each topic, you will show your mastery through a qualifying exam. These exams
are used to earn "belts" organized much like the karate system. There are five
belt levels including an optional black belt level.

There are also some great perks to the program including FREE FOOD! You do
have to find your own housing, but they will connect you with other classmates
to help you find roommates.

To apply, just go online and fill out their application and send in your
resume. If you are a good fit, they will schedule a phone or Skype interview
with you. While they don't require a computer science or programming
background, applicants without one should be able to demonstrate a
considerable amount of learning on their own. Expect to hear back in two
business days after the interview.

