The Software Craftsmanship Guide does double duty when it comes to teaching
code. They currently offer two tracks of learning, .Net/C# and Java. They
consider these to be the two most employable language skills in the current
market. Although they do have two different tracks, they do point out that
there are language fundamental and User Interface skills that overlap both
tracks.

They do believe in immersive learning. Though the only required hours are 9 am
to 4 pm when mentors are at the school, the building itself is open 24 hours a
day to provide even the most enthusiastic students the opportunity to keep
coding the night away. It's also not a stretch for you to be working on your
coding skills during the weekend. You are even welcomed with open arms after
you graduate.

You can apply online for this bootcamp, and they should reach out to you
within a business day. They will schedule an hour long interview which will
involve a Q&amp;A; session with a mentor and then a programming assessment
test. Relax, it isn't a test on what you know about the programming languages.
However, you will need to demonstrate some fundamental programming skills like
logic, reasoning, pattern matching and basic algebra (think math section of
the SATs).

They really do welcome you with open arms. If you aren't from the area (or if
you just want a truly immersive experience) they have limited sponsored
housing. While they don't promise a view, they do mention that furniture will
be included.

While their employee network is largely regional, they do understand that
people attend their bootcamp from out of town and work with some recruiters to
find you gigs out of state.
