The Iron Yard makes your version of multitasking look like child's play. It’s
one part programming boot camp, a dash of startup accelerator, a chunk of co-
working space, and a sprinkle of children programming education and tech
conferences. While we are going to focus on the boot camp, it is worth it for
you to check out some of their other work since a major part of the learning
experience of a boot camp is the environment you will be in.

Courses are offered in three different subjects: Mobile Engineering, Front End
Engineering and Rails Engineering. While the actual content of these courses
will differ, the way that you will learn the material is the same across all
of the courses. You will spend Monday through Thursday mornings in lecture and
then spend the evenings (as well as Friday) in lab sessions designed to apply
the skills you learn to a real project. They warn that the assignments are
challenging and build upon each other. However, if you do have free time, they
will be more than happy to get you set up with some paid freelance work to
help you start getting some real world experience.

As far as what makes them different, there are a few things. The Iron Yard
tries to maintain exceptional quality of their classroom. They cap their
classes at 15 students and highlight the fact that their instructors all
continue to be practitioners (think freelancers or running a tech startup)
between sessions to keep up to date on tech happenings.

They also value teaching soft skills. They want to learn to think like an
engineer, understand how to communicate on a tech team, and understand basic
business skills like building freelance contracts. A lot of the soft skill
education comes from bringing in guest lecturers and visiting startups.

As you approach completion of the program, you will work with the Iron Yard
team to prepare for the interview and job placement process. You will go
through mock interviews and have weekly meetings with students throughout
their job hunt. However, it seems that the job hunt doesn’t last very long.
Also, if you don’t get a job offer within six months, you will get a free
refund on your tuition (they say that they have never had to give a single
refund yet).

You can apply through their online application on their website. They will
follow up for an interview(s) as needed. They also offer a chat room to ask
questions about The Iron Yard and offer to connect you to speak with a
graduate. You should definitely take them up on the offer!

