I attended Hack Reactor from August through October 2013, and it was the most
useful educational experience I've ever had. I don't say that lightly, as I've
attended two highly ranked universities. Hack Reactor's value stems from both
the sheer amount of knowledge they stuff into your head and the "how to solve
problems like a programmer" ethos they distill into you. On the knowledge
side, I'd say there are five distinct phases of the course: Precourse work,
structured learning, individual projects, group projects, and the hiring
phase. The precourse work is intense and ramps you up to a speed at which you
could probably go ahead an get hired as a junior developer (!!!). You learn
the basics of the distributed git workflow, reimplement the wildly popular
Underscore.js library, build a twitter clone, and master recursion in a way
that makes you familiar with the DOM. The structured learning phase lasts for
the first five weeks of Hack Reactor. You're implementing JavaScript
inheritance patterns and data structures by the end of the first week. The
four weeks after that are a marathon run through jQuery, a couple of different
frameworks, algorithmic thinking, and complexity analysis. After that, there's
an individual project phase - at this point, you're turned loose to work on a
personal passion project (which they must approve). There are also paid client
projects available for those who want them. This is a great time for people to
work out kinks and learn how to hack on their own. Once you've had this
experience, students form groups and unleash their combined brain power on
creating apps. Some really impressive stuff has come out of this, e.g.
redditInsight.com. After that is the hiring phase. Hack Reactor hosts a hiring
day at the start of the 11th week of the program and then provides interview
support until, well, everyone gets a job... which doesn't usually take very
long! Most people in my class got multiple six-figure offers. Interestingly, a
massive amount of learning seems to take place during those two weeks, too, as
people all go nuts solving ridiculous toy problems that interviewers threw in
front of them together. I'm giving Hack Reactor 5 stars. The 3 months I spent
there have launched me into a more productive, high-paying, and satisfying job
than I could have ever gotten otherwise. - Kevin M.

