At Lighthouse Labs, you aren’t just learning to be a developer, but a
contributing member to the developer community. That is why all Lighthouse
Labs students get a free membership to Launch Academy, the co-working space
where Lighthouse Labs is located. Launch Academy is Vancouver’s leading
entrepreneurship facility with over 150 companies! Through Launch Academy,
Lighthouse Labs students get exposed to the Vancouver startup culture from Day
1. Additionally, students get access to all the speakers who come to Launch
Academy and will have the opportunity to meet entrepreneurs, developers,
freelancers, and CEOs.

In addition to the informal learning you will get through being at Launch
Acadmy, Lighthouse Labs will also provide you with rigorous developer
training.  Lighthouse Labs values the “flipped classroom” model over some
other more traditional teaching methods. The flipped classroom model
prioritizes in-class activities and immediate feedback via TAs as opposed to
traditional lectures or assigned readings. This is why Lighthouse Labs keeps
its student to TA ratio very low at 5:1! In addition to this all Lighthouse
Labs’s instructors and TAs are active members of Vancouver’s startup scene.
Even after you graduate you will continue to have access to this network of
mentors as well as the curriculum material.

Lighthouse Labs has both a Web Development immersive bootcamp and an iOS
immersive bootcamp depending on your interest. Both of these programs have
prep courses leading up to the start of the bootcamp. Lighthouse Lab’s web
development bootcamp has a 4 week long prep course and their iOS bootcamp has
a 6 week long prep course. Even at this initial stage your instructors will be
in contact with you! This prep work will help you get the easier material out
of the way so that you can make the most of your bootcamp experience.

If you are concerned about living arrangements, Lighthouse Labs has a whole
team dedicated to managing the student experience who work closely with local
landlords to ensure you can get  a month-to-month lease nearby during your
time there.

If you are interested in applying to Lighthouse Labs, you can request an
application for their iOS or Web development program on their website!

