The small class (roughly 8 people in my cohort) provided us with an effective
learning environment since more individual time and attention was devoted to
every student. This was definitely the case throughout the entire program;
once we began diving into more advanced topics such as Class Modeling, MVC,
SQL querying, and Entity Framework, the instructor's assistance became even
more valuable... As I worked with my comrades, I learned firsthand that
working with others can be rewarding AND difficult at the same time. People
disagree on class and database designs, logic, variable names, etc. Actually,
these are the day-to-day scenarios that developers (newbies and seasoned)
experience on the job! The instructor sprang new assignments on us on a
regular basis - which in turn, did not allow us to get too comfortable with
one particular task... But this review of the Software Craftsmanship Guild
does not close without a blemish. As a previous poster had noted, sometimes
there seemed to be a growing divide between the abilities of students in the
class. I cannot really say that it is the instructor's fault, as he was always
willing to explain and re-explain key concepts until our brains cemented them.
I believe that people learn differently, but let's face it, software/web
development is not what I would call the simplest topic to teach and learn.
One thing what I would have liked to see more of is the encouragement of open
communication between students and teacher. This was mainly an issue in the
first several weeks of the course when the subjects became a little more
complicated. Also, at times, it seemed as if the days flew by very quickly
when guest speakers from local companies visited us. Every guest speaker was
interesting in his/her own right, but I would have preferred to continue
writing more code...All in all, I have to give the Software Craftsmanship
Guild a fairly high rating. I have job offers now; something I wouldn't have
had right now without it. Whenever recruiters look at my resume now, they are
amazed by how intensive the training was and how much I know. - a Software
Craftsmanship Guild student

