In the past week, though my liveblogging and inactive GitHub presence of late
would lead you to believe otherwise, my technical cofounder, other cofounder
and I were busy working on our yCombinator Winter 2014 application and
pitching to as many people as we possibly could - including various folks in
Waterloo (via Communitech and Bitmaker Labs), and almost anyone else we could
make listen. The team at Bitmaker was super supportive and Sean was especially
helpful in vetting our application and improving our chances via other means.
It was a wild ride and we’re very fortunate to have been able to rely on that
network (me and my two non-Bitmaker cofounders) so we’ll see how things go.
What’s especially interesting is that via my blog, resume, digital acquisition
experience, graphic design work and the combination of all of my extra-
curriculars, I got noticed early by some of the recruiters and invited to some
technical interviews and some more business function interviews. I myself
always had the aspirations to take my knowledge from Bitmaker into a more
corporate function in a product development and marketing role (to enhance my
current background) and see where it took me so I turned down around 5 of the
jr development roles I was offered and very recently accepted a role at
WhoKnows Inc. as a Marketing Engineer Manager. It’s pretty incredible and as
someone coming from a huge enterprise that desperately could have used their
services, I’m a little overwhelmed with excitement. Nearly everything about
the role, conditions, location, team, responsibilities and future are amazing
and I cannot wait to start next week. - Andrew K.

