Tech Talent South provides beginner-focused programs teaching web development
and coding to adults and children throughout the Southeast. Our goal is to
bring code education to our region and empower people who are on a mission to
do something big!

Based out of Atlanta, Georgia, Tech Talent South seeks to position America's
Southeast as another of the country's information technology hubs. To prepare
people in the area for the digital revolution, TTS offers training in computer
programming and website design, while focusing on some facets of
entrepreneurialism. Partnered with groups such as the Technology Association
of Georgia and Hands on Tech Atlanta, we educate students of all ages about
bringing their ideas for websites, e-commerce, and software applications to
fruition and provide opportunities to network with individuals who can assist
them in reaching their goals.

One of Tech Talent South's signature offerings is the eight-week code
immersion program for adults. With full-time and part-time options, this
series of courses teaches students about computer programming and web
development. Among the topics taught are coding in Ruby on Rails, creating
websites in HTML and CSS, utilizing JavaScript, and launching minimally viable
products. In addition to this coursework, Tech Talent South employs
professionals to aid students in honing their ideas and converting them into
feasible products. Some of the other programs offered by TTS include game
development classes, youth coding camps, college “cram sessions”, Intro to Web
Design & Creation.

Our graduates range from doctors looking for a new change, to designers
looking to build out their skillset, to people who are passionate about
developing their own app idea, to techies looking to join the startup
community.

