I finished the bootcamp in December. Overall it was a great experience, and I
can't imagine where I'd be right now without it. The curriculum was fast-
paced, and I definitely had to work to keep up. We started with HTML/CSS, then
went through javascript, jQuery, a little bit of PHP/Wordpress, then we went
on to Ruby and Rails, as well as covering associated technologies (git,
command line, etc). It was a 6 month program, which is why we could start from
scratch and work all the way to building a smallish app at the end. Given that
I was in the first class, it was surprisingly well organised. I can only
assume it's getting better. The job assistance was pretty well done. We had a
little job fair at the end of the class where ~14 different companies came and
we interviewed with all the ones that piqued our interest. I was hired by none
of them, and getting increasingly worried that I didn't have what it took to
get a junior dev position. I talked to some mentors and they assured me I was
fine, and it was mostly just timing (we graduated at the end of the year,
which I guess is super busy for most companies). I kept scheduling interviews
with new companies in town though, most of which were set up through the
school. Finally I received a few job offers and accepted a position, I start
Monday! I'm crazy excited. These are all pretty specific to the bootcamp I
attended though. The one thing that really surprised me was the amount of
community involvement. We had local devs come in almost every day to give
presentations or just hang out and help us with our coding questions. I tried
the self-study thing for a bit, and it wasn't very effective, for me at least.
Learning to code involves learning a new way of thinking, which for me was
very frustrating. Seeing my peers having an equally hard time gave me a lot of
confidence. Especially because most of the code youre exposed to is the final
product, and I never saw the problems and struggles that every dev
experiences. Also, a problem I had was not knowing when I actually 'knew' a
technology. During my self-study I exposed myself to HTML and CSS but didn't
think I really knew them. After going through web design portion and not
really learning anything new, I realized I already knew enough to build a
site. It just never looked good, because I suck at design. TLDR: I'm 100%
happy I enrolled in the class. It was great for learning, networking, as well
as job placement. - A Nashville Software School student

