Coding Campus offers students the opportunity for a lot of personalized
attention. The last few classes have had under 10 students (though they are
growing) with two instructors each! One of the instructors even got his
education chops as a CS professor in Idaho. Additionally, each student has a
mentor. The mentors are local volunteers who help build the students' network
in Provo's dev community and provides them with career advice as well.

The Coding Campus program focuses on Python due to the language's popularity
in Utah, the number of companies that use the language, and the fact that many
prominent computer science programs at universities use it as a starter
language for students.

Before you set foot on campus, you will have about a month of pre-work to
complete for the course. The content is hosted mostly through GitHub, but
Coding Campus hosts a number of in-person study groups with a mentor to help
you get through the content (don't worry, you can Google Hangout in as well).

On a day to day basis, students come in for breakfast at 8:30 am and
instruction starts at around 9:00 am. Each week this instructional period will
introduce the theme and product for the week. The amount of instruction time
varies week to week and project to project. The projects will also vary in
terms of the number of people working together from individual projects to
pair and team projects. At noon, there is a presentation from a local company
or a tech talk, and once a week the entire school goes out to lunch together.

You get the strong community feeling from Coding Campus whether it is the
bootcamp community, the Provo Community or the developer community. The school
has a weekly lunch together, they worked with a local elementary school girl
to build an app to educate her peers about food allergies, and continually
help build pieces for Pontoon (an open source project for Mozilla. The perks
like free gym membership don't hurt the bootcamp community either.

You can apply online on their website. The online application will ask you
about your current programming experience, background, and why you want to
learn. After the online application, you will be asked to have a phone or in-
person interview. They are looking for students who have previous programming
experience or have been exploring programming for awhile. On the other end of
the spectrum, they are looking for students with less programming experience,
but a lot of drive.

