  

Fullstack was the most challenging and satisfying professional experience of
my life. Seriously. It was harder than grad school and much more fulfilling
than any job I’ve ever had. You not only tap into all you need to become a
good coder, but also learn a ton about best practices and interviewing. I
worked with very smart, motivated and creative classmates. And it’s an awesome
community – people help each other troubleshoot, share learning hacks and
refer each other for jobs.

  

You’ll notice a big difference between the first six and last six weeks. The
first six are formal instruction, with workshops of one to two days. Week
seven is review week – people typically show up to school anyway, but there is
no formal instruction. I spent mine reviewing several lessons from the first
six weeks. The second six weeks are all projects – about 10 days on an
individual project and about 3.5 weeks on a group project. The final few weeks
also cover job prep –whiteboard interviews, resume prep, Github and LinkedIn
refactoring, etc. Your last week is a project demo for employers.

  

Founders David and Nimit are deeply knowledgable and experienced programmers
who have founded startups and held senior programming positions. Check out
their resumes for deets. But Fullstack is their passion, and it shows. They
are not only terrific mentors, but also deeply committed to hiring quality
staff. There is no bureaucracy – expect innovation. During our term, they
debuted a queue for help tickets, a noise meter and a really cool field trip /
real life coding challenge. Morever, staff is serious about keeping the
curriculum timely, thorough and effective -- they will make improvements
during the term and especially in between terms.

[  
\- Adam Barcan](https://twitter.com/BarcanShoot)

