I was a member of the August '13 Hack Reactor cohort, and while it's almost
unbelievable to me, I am finishing up my first month of work as a front-end
engineer. For anyone who doubts that this program delivers on its promise,
I'll say that I had extremely high expectations and Hack Reactor completely
blew them out of the water. I have an undergrad degree in Philosophy, but no
prior engineering-related education or experience. The dedication of the
instructors and staff is unlike anything I've seen in an educational setting,
to the point that the 12+ hour days would just fly by. The energy of the place
is contagious. Nowhere is this more on display than in the ever-evolving
curriculum, which manages to throw every student into the deep end of a given
topic and still provide meaningful challenges to students who work through
core concepts more quickly. There was never a chance to feel bored or
unmotivated, the pace is just too fast. The instructors are also eager to get
students' feedback, and are open to constructive suggestions for improvement.
To me, the most valuable trait of the program (if I had to choose) is the
relentless emphasis on Learn By Doing. Every student undergoes a
transformation from thinking "I don't know enough to do this" to "I know how
to figure this out." Yes, I gained the particular web development skills
necessary to land this great job, but much more valuably, I learned how to
identify the gaps in my knowledge and fill them in as effectively as possible.
The icing on the cake here is that the people you meet at Hack Reactor
(students, staff, and instructors alike) are all A+ people -- sincere,
dedicated, intelligent, funny, hard-working people, all with interesting
backgrounds, stories, and connections. My network has exploded with incredible
contacts, as well as amazing friends. In short, attending Hack Reactor was the
best decision I've ever made. If you really love programming (whatever you've
done so far) and think you're the type to thrive in a highly accelerated
immersive environment, DO IT. - Lindsay H.

