Codeup provides a unique learning opportunity to its students by being one of
the few bootcamps to offer classes on the LAMP stack (Linux/Apache/MySQL/PHP).
In fact, Codeup developed their program specifically to meet the current needs
of businesses and they genuinely believe in offering people a second chance at
a fulfilling career.

Prior to showing up to the bootcamp, students are assigned about 80-100 hours
of pre-work that must be done prior to entering class. The pre-work was
created by the Codeup instructors to prepare you to hit the ground running on
the first day of class.

The official class time runs Monday to Friday 9am to 4pm with additional
homework after hours for 12 weeks. You should expect class time to consist of
a combination of lectures and hands on activities. Codeup values pair
programming so you will often be paired off to complete various programming
exercises. Students will finish the program by spending the last 2 to 3 weeks
working on a capstone project. This capstone project will be demoed to
Codeup’s 50+ hiring partners during their Demo Day.

Codeup also offer optional study halls for about an hour in the mornings and
late into the evenings. Students are encouraged to take advantage of the study
hall sessions to reach out to teachers for additional help or to tackle more
advanced versions of material from that day’s lesson. Additionally, guest
speakers will be invited a couple days each week for brown bag lunches to
provide insight into the life of developers and entrepreneurs.

The value that Codeup provides extends beyond their formal education
structures. Codeup is located in Geekdom, one of the major tech hubs of the
San Antonio tech and startup community. Geekdom is the largest coworking space
in Texas and is home to over 200 startups, many of whom are hiring partners
for Codeup. This community of techies and entrepreneurs gives Codeup students
the ability to network with potential employers during their time at the
bootcamp as well as be a part of a collaborative work environment.

Codeup is very aware that many of its students are looking to make a career
transition after their program and believes they have created the best
environment to prepare for a developer role. They back this up with their job
guarantee. If you don’t find successful job placement within 6 months of
graduation, they will refund you 50% of your tuition.

You don’t need to have any prior experience to apply for Codeup. They describe
their ideal candidate as “motivated, smart and hireable in every way except
they’re lacking programming skills and knowledge.” Codeup has rolling
admissions so be sure to apply early! If you are not from the San Antonio
area, Codeup can help you with living arrangements and other logistics.

