Not surprisingly, Fullstack Academy does exactly what it says it does. It
teaches you the full web development stack. This means that you will learn how
to program the Front End (the website your user would interact with) and the
Back End (the piece on the server which performs all the logic for your site),
specifically MEAN stack and everything in between (âˆž). Ok, they don't actually
teach you an infinite amount of knowledge, but it is more comprehensive
coverage of material than you might see at other bootcamps.

They are also comprehensive in structure. Before you arrive, expect to do a
significant ammount of pre-work that helps effectively prepare you for the
course. After the bootcamp, expect support to help you find a job including
mock technical interviews.

While Fullstack's curriculum is certainly comprehensive when it comes to
programming, what is even more impressive is the integration of intangible
skills throughout the course. As part of the learning experience, Fullstack
encourages its students to take advantage of the growing New York tech scene
and attend the numerous MeetUps and Hackathons that take place. Outside of
just New York, they also encourage their students to take part in Open Source
projects (often a source of pride and credentials for programmers).

The most obvious way these skills are infused into the course is through the
CTO Program. These are eight
modules that teach essential CTO skills throughout the program. These modules
include lessons like Learning to Learn, Learning to Lead, Learning by
Teaching, Become the Right Person, Real World Experience, Code is a Community,
Innovation Happens Everywhere, and Stackup Support.

They accept applications online on their site on a rolling basis, but expect
to wait up to a week to hear back if you got an interview or not. Prior to the
interview, they will provide additional materials to help you prepare as well
as several take-home problem sets. Fullstack Academy currently reports 97%
hiring rate for their students and they take pride in their job placement
process.

