Wyncode was a great experience for learning how to code. I was in the first
cohort and was wary of trusting in Wyncode, since they hadn’t proven
themselves in the South Florida market. It happened to be a great decision and
I happily have a new career as a junior developer. Their instructors and staff
are incredible and truly help you every step of the way. Whether you’ve never
seen a line of code or you just want to learn a new language, you can rest
assured they will tailor the learning towards your needs. I do suggest
studying and doing the pre-work as well as other online tools to get you
prepared for the fast paced course material. If not for that, I would have
been very lost through it all. They are currently branching to Fort
Lauderdale, which is great for people who live north of Miami. Before I
started Wyncode I began going to Ruby Meetup groups, one of which is in Ft.
Lauderdale. Damon Davidson runs that group. I learned so much and felt like he
was so knowledgeable when interacting with others about their problems and
questions in the Ruby world. I enjoyed his teaching style and think he will be
an asset to Wyncode as lead instructor in their Ft. Lauderdale location. Ed
Toro (Miami Lead Instructor) and Damon Davidson (Ft. Lauderdale Lead
Instructor) are very intelligent individuals that will help each person strive
to learn as much as they can in the little amount of time given to the cohort.
If you have any interest in programming or being in the tech scene, Wyncode is
a great choice to start that journey. Just be prepared to work harder than you
have in the past and know that in the end it will be well worth it and lead
you to a thriving career in the tech industry. - Crystalei Daniels

