Anyone Can Learn To Code (ACLTC) is a nights-and-weekends web programming
bootcamp in Chicago that runs for 15 weeks and trains students from all
backgrounds (including those with no prior programming experience) to become
web developers capable of landing an entry level position. Many people want to
jump into web development through a code bootcamp, but simply can't afford to
quit their jobs. Our part time program makes this possible for people who live
near Chicago.

We train our students in Ruby, Rails, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, SQL,
and Git, among other technologies. We also help our students land jobs through
networking with our partner companies, helping them build an impressive Github
portfolio, and helping them craft great resumes, LinkedIn profiles, and cover
letters.

Our pedagogical approach is to teach every single concept in plain English and
break down complex technical ideas to make them easy to understand. We don't
just hand our students online resources and exercises and wait for them to
approach us when they get stuck. We'll actually be switching back and forth
between interactive instruction and hands on exercises. For example, the
teacher will explain a new concept in depth for 30 minutes, and during the
following hour, the students will complete a guided hands-on programming
exercise to help crystalize that concept.

This approach helps our students absorb and understand the material in the
shortest possible time, as well as give them a deeper understanding of the
concepts than if they had just read an article on the topic. Our "plain
English" instruction can be sampled with our free Ruby screencasts:
(anyonecanlearntocode.com/screencasts)

ACLTC is committed to helping you learn how to think like a programmer and
develop the skills necessary to land your first development job.

